Welcome to the Appointments System. In this system, a patient can log in using their existing account, or create a new account in the signup tab. A doctor can also log in by first clicking the top right button, then signing in.

To find the account information to sign in, go to
code\build\Desktop_Qt_6_8_0_MinGW_64_bit-Debug. There will be 3 different jsons. The patients.json will list the existing accounts (with email and password) for logging in to the patients' pages. The doctors.json will list the existing accounts (with email and password) for logging in to the doctor appointments pages. There is no signup page for the Doctor accounts because these accounts would more than likely be given to the doctor by the admin, so there should be no signup page in the common page. 

Patients Side
Once it is a successful login, they will be brought into the main appointments page. If you click on any of the dates in the calendar, it will bring you to a page displaying all relevant appointments for that day. Relevant appointments means appointments on that day that are available (not booked) and appointments on that day that are booked (but by the current patient). The patient can cancel any of those booked, relevant appointments by clicking on the 'X' button next to the appointment. If the appointment is available, the patient can book it by clicking on the 'Book Appointment' button. The patient can also view all of their booked appointments by clicking on the 'View All Booked Appointments' button in the main appointments page. Finally, when the patient is done using the system, they can logout using the top right 'Logout' button.

If the patient wants to create a new account, they will click the 'Signup' button. From there, they will enter an email, password and confirm their password. If the email or password is empty or if the email is already linked with an existing account or if the password and confirm password is not the same, it will not create a new account.


Doctors Side
Once it is a successful login, they will be brought into the main appointments page for the doctor. If you click on any of the dates in the calendar, it will bring you to a page displaying all appointments for that day. It will display to the doctor whether each appointment is booked or available for booking. Next to each appointment, it will have 1-2 buttons depending on whether the appointment is booked or not. The first button is 'Cancel Patient's Booking' which will cancel the patient's booking of that appointment. This can be used when the doctor has an emergency and cannot attend to that appointment. The second button is 'X' which deletes the appointment from the system (and if it is booked, it will cancel that patient's booking along with deleting the appointment from the system). This is used for editing the doctor's availability or if they made a mistake in their availability. Additionally, in that same page, the doctor can add an appointment for that date in the top right corner ('Add Appointment' button). This brings the doctor to a page which requests for a start and end time for the appointment. If the end time is before the start time or if the appointment time conflicts with an existing appointment on the same day, it will not insert in a new appointment. Back to the main appointments page, the doctor can also view all booked appointments for today (using the button on the bottom 'Today's Booked Appointments'). 

Dependencies or external libraries used:
- QT Creator
